1.  stdint.h is a standard library header file in C. It provides a variety of data types, specifically exact-width integers
	that always take up the same number of bits and therefore they do not have padding zeros in between.Each type also
	defines minimum and maximum values for that type.
2.  the point of using these four data types that are defined in stdint.h is to allow data to be read no matter what sofware
	and hardware platform is using these numbers. Using these formats means that there will be no padding zeros and numbers
	always be the same length in bits. Using these numbers is the standard practice when working with writing data to a disk
	or sending bits over network.
3.  BYTE is 1 byte, DWORD is 4 bytes, LONG is 4 bytes, WORD is 2 bytes.
4.  the first two bytes are 0x42 and 0x4d.
5.  bfSize is the size of the whole file in bytes. biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure. In the case of
	BITMAPINFOHEADER the value of biSize is 40 (bytes required for this header).
6.  Negative value of biHeight means that the BMP picture starts in the upper left corner, so the first pixel in BMP represents
	the upper-leftmost pixel in the picture and the last pixel in BMP will represent the rightmost-lowest pixel in the picture.
7.  BITMAPINFOHEADER.biBitCount specifies the BMP's color depth in bits per pixel. Implementation of this problem set only
	allows for 24-bit color depth.
8.  fopen might return NULL if the file does not exist or the user does not have rights to read the file.
9.  fread's third argument is 1 because this is how many "elements" we are reading in each case. We are reading in one
	BITMAPFILEHEADER from the input file (on line 42) and then we are reading in one BITMAPINFOHEADER from the input file (on 
	line 46).
10. when bi.biWidth is 3, the value assigned will be three:
	(4 - (3 * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4 = (4 - (3 * 3) % 4) % 4 = (4 - 1) % 4 = 3.
11. fseek() moves the file cursor position by the number of bytes stored in offset, it moves the cursor from where it was
	before calling fseek() because the third parameter is SEEK_CUR.
12. SEEK_CUR tells to fseek() where to start the movement of cursor, SEEK_CUR means current file cursor position.
